docs(sources/companion-plugins/google-drive): adds information on required app scopes. (#222)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/sources/companion-plugins/google-drive.mdx

- On the project’s dashboard,
  [enable the Google Drive API](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v3/enable-drive-api).
- [Set up OAuth authorization](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v3/about-auth).
  - Under scopes, add the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.readonly` Drive
    API scope.

>   - Due to this being a sensitive scope, your app must complete Google's OAuth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Due to this being a sensitive scope, your app must complete Google’s OAuth
```

- On the project’s dashboard,
  [enable the Google Drive API](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v3/enable-drive-api).
- [Set up OAuth authorization](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v3/about-auth).
    - Under scopes, add the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.readonly` Drive API scope.

>     - Due to this being a sensitive scope Google will ask you to verify your app which can take up to 8 weeks.

Author: Not sure if this needs to explicitly mention this is solely for self-hosted Companion?

>     - Under scopes, add the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.readonly` Drive API scope.
>     - Due to this being a sensitive scope Google will ask you to verify your app which can take up to 8 weeks.

Reviewer: Let's not include delay information as we do not control how long Google process will take (I couldn't find any mention of 8 weeks in their docs). It's probably a better idea to not have this information in our docs and instead link to Google docs.
```suggestion
  - Under scopes, add the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.readonly` Drive
    API scope.
  - Due to this being a sensitive scope, your app must complete Google's OAuth
    app verification before being granted access. See
    [OAuth App Verification Help Center](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/13463073)
    for more information.
```
